Dashboard :-
 	styling : 
1. customers ka s niche ja raha hain customer upper s niche 
2. Same as for replacements also
3. In inventory overview 2 main border di huyi hain 2 main nahi bad impression on user 

functionalities:-

1.if sale pain click kiya toh waha se back ka oprion hona chahoye kyuki if report ko dekhna tha aur sale pain click hoo gaya toh wapas se sidebar open karke wapas se dekhna na pade Back button is mendatory 
2. If i stock is 0 then i low stock products [ 1 products require immediate restocking.] but which produts is not mention 
3. Category Graph is not working properly like sales
4. if i add the same category then pop-up should be there to display 
5. Categories shoud be case sestiviive Ac and ac is not different 
Categories:-
1. If i delete something after that my input is not working Like i am not able to write anything 


Brand:-
1. Search option should be there 
2. ID	Brand Name	Actions
   #4	Electronics	
   #1	LG

Check in all 	

Products:-

1. Agar user ko HSN code main kuch nahi Likhna hoo toh Use disabled kardene ka 
2. In warranty write months User ko kaise pata chalega ki ye month ke base pain hain ?
3. Low stock - stock shold not be in minus or 0 dropdown nahi  ana chahiye 
4. In Product List  previous and Next button is not working 
5. In product there shiuld be edit button to edit the product info.
6. product delete option 

Serial Inventory:-
1. Reset is not looking properly 
2. Date picker is also 

supplier:- 
1. In Mobile number fiedls there should not be dropdown .
2. Number should not be  in minus 
3. 10 se uper nahi jana chahiye
4. email should not be start with numbers
5. In Contact Person numbers not allowed 
6. Same GST number should not be accepted 
7. edit and delete button is not perfetly fit 

Purcahses:-
1. Number field removed (quanity), purchase price, selling price ,
2. Add Date picker  ij Invoice Date 
3. when i select product then purchase and selling price should be automatically fetch 
4. When i add the Item the all fields should be reset

Sales B%illing:-
1. discount ka option nah h%ain 


Invoice:-
1. in invoice setting section Nothing should be editable / remove invoice settings And only keep download and print 
2. When click on the print Message is coming this app does not support preview
3. Change the ui of invoice bill 



If anthing damages item or expiry items want to return to the company or supplier So how there is no option ? 
